----------------------------------------------------------
GANG GARRISON 2
----------------------------------------------------------
created by
mrfredman, MedO, and Synnah

A Team Fortress 2 Demake

HOW TO PLAY
----------------------------------------------------------

Gang Garrison 2 is an online, multiplayer, PvP shoot-em-up with several classes
 and gamemodes to choose from. Play online through our lobby, or hook up with
 your friends on LAN.

----------------------------------------------------------

Controls:


Gang Garrison 2 uses a control scheme similar to a dual stick shooter, with
 binds all around the keyboard for various functions. All controls listed are
 defaults, and all keys can be changed to different buttons.
 
The WASD keys (default) control your character's movement, while the mouse aims.

Left click to use your weapon's primary fire, or right click for its secondary
 fire -- or your class's special ability, if the ability works like that.

Press N to change your team, or M to change your class.

Press E to call for a medic. Press Z, X, or C to open up a speech bubble menu.

Press F to taunt. Press B to drop the intelligence. Hold shift to view the
 scoreboard.

Press ESC to open the in-game menu, including options.

Press F9 to take a screenshot.
Press F12 to mute the game.

----------------------------------------------------------

Classes:


The game has nine classes based on the ones from Team Fortress 2. Each team has
 access to the same classes, which are identical between teams. Each class has
 its own special ability, and they all have different stats and weapons.

The Runner: Quick as the wind, this flagrunner and scout packs a punch, both
 with his weapon and with completing objectives -- but only if he doesn't die
 before he does!
Weapon: Scattergun
Special ability: Double Jump, Double Cap Rate
* Jump while in the air to get a Double Jump! Only works once per air.

The Firebug: Fastest bar the scout, the Firebug specializes in close ranged
 combat and area denial. If an enemy player comes into the Firebug's turf,
 they're in for an ambush!
Weapon: Flamethrower
Special ability: Airblast, Flareblast
* Press M1, then M2 while shooting to fire a Flareblast!

The Rocketman: Strong yet graceful, the rocketman is the epitome of a jack of
 all trades. Deny passage through chokepoints, soar through the skies while
 raining down pain, and take enemies head-on -- he can do it all, at a cost.
Weapon: Rocket Launcher
Special ability: Rocketjump
* Jump, and shoot the ground beneath your feet to soar to great heights!

The Overweight: A mammoth of a man, carrying a heavy weapon that can shred even
 the strongest of shields to shreds! Perfect at drawing in enemy attacks, and
 locking down chokepoints too!
Weapon: Minigun
Special ability: Eat Manvich
* If you eat a Manvich while at full health, you can't be backstabbed!

The Detonator: A master of explosives, the Detonator is equipped with remote-
 detonated mines that stick to almost anything they touch -- as long as it's not
 flesh. Beware: It takes a true master to use such dangerous bombs.
Weapon: Minegun
Special ability: Detonate Mines, Aerial Detonation, Minejump
* Press M1, then M2 while your mine is airborne to perform an aerial detonation!

The Healer: This medicine man revolutionized the job of a combat medic. Leashing
 himself to his healing target, he keeps his team in top shape at all times, and
 can even turn them into super men, temporarily!
Weapon: Needlegun
Special ability: Healing, Superburst, Passive Health Regeneration
* When your charge bar is full, hold M1 and press M2 to activate Superburst!

The Constructor: A brilliant inventor that created self-building, self-deploying
 automatic turret guns, capable of identifying targets and shooting them too!
 Not one to settle for a single gun, he carries around a trusty shotgun, too.
Weapon: Shotgun
Special ability: Build Autogun, Passive Nuts'N'Bolts Regeneration

The Infiltrator: A master assassin, capable of blending in to even the most
 unreasonable of scenery, can deal fatal blows with their implement of choice
 -- in this case, a knife -- as long as their target doesn't see it coming.
Weapon: Revolver
Special ability: Shoot People In The Back, Passive Invisibility, Cloak, Backstab

The Rifleman: A sniper armed with a trusty rifle, whose scope allows them to aim
 at double the distance of the naked eye. His rifle has a strange ability,
 causing it to deal more damage the longer he's been scoped in.
Weapon: Rifle
Special ability: Zoom, Charge

----------------------------------------------------------

Gamemodes:

Capture The Flag:
 Steal the enemy briefcase, and prevent them from doing the the same to you! The
 team with the most captures at the end of the round, or the first to the limit,
 wins.

Control Point (Push):
 A symmetrical gamemode. Capture every control point for your team to win!
 Points are "locked" unless one close to them belongs to the enemy team.

Control Point (Attack/Defense)
 An asymmetrical gamemode. Capture every control point, or defend them until
 time runs out! Points "lock" when the attacking team captures them, and the
 next one becomes available for capture.
 
Arena:
 No respawning in this deathmatch gamemode. Defeat every enemy player to score a
 point and start a new round. The first team whose points reach the limit wins!

Generator:
 Destroy the enemy's generator before they can kill theirs! Those shielded
 generators take more damage while the shield is down, so shoot while you can!

King of the Hill:
 A control point gamemode with only one point. Hold the point for three total
 minutes to win!

Dual King of the Hill:
 It's King of the Hill, but with two points. Hold both points to run your timer.
 When you have theirs, yours locks, so don't worry about back caps!

Invasion (A/D CTF):
 Bring the briefcase to the enemy base and plant it there; or, prevent the
 attacking team from doing so. Hit the cap limit or time out the match to win!

Team Deathmatch:
 Kill enemy players to rack up your team's points. The first team to hit the
 limit wins!

----------------------------------------------------------

Gameplay Tips:

Runner:
- Use paths that no other class can use!
- Your scattergun does a surprising amount of damage!
- Keep some ammo saved up in case you need to fight an infiltrator!

Firebug:
- Use your airblast to push your enemies around!
- Extinguish your teammates with the airblast if they're on fire!
- Set a foe on fire and let the afterburn take care of the rest!

Rocketman:
- Your rockets can go through teammates!
- Rocketjump up to high platforms or to rain rockets from above!
- Rockets can destroy the detonator's mines with an explosion!

Overweight:
- Eat a manvich when it's safe, not when there are enemies around!
- Don't eat a manvich if a healer is waiting to heal you!
- Remember to retreat if you're taking too much damage!

Detonator:
- You can detonate your mines in the air; they don't have to 'stick'
  to a surface to detonate!
- Your mines deal a maximum of 45 damage each to players, and 50 to
  buildings.
- Sticky mines can destroy other detonator's mines with an explosion!
- Shoot a sticky and detonate it at the same time while pointing down
  to propel yourself like a Rocketman!

Healer:
- You slowly regenerate your health! Dodge well to maximize it!
- Use your medigun to rapidly heal off afterburn!
- Use your superburst to get past tight chokepoints!

Constructor:
- You regenerate Nuts and Bolts slowly, but picking up metal from a
  destroyed autogun instantly gives you 50! Health cabinets also give
  you all your Nuts and Bolts back!
- Autoguns can't shoot straight up, so watch out!
- Your autogun will default to the direction you aim when you build
  it, so be careful!

Infiltrator:
- The enemy can still hear you jump even if you are cloaked!
- Your revolver is a lot stronger than it looks! It has a lot of
  range too!
- Passive invisibility is always useful!

Rifleman:
- Stay moving in case an infiltrator is eyeing your back!
- Your scope inhibits movement. Scope out if you need to move around!
- Pick off enemies at a distance with charged shots, or "railgun"
  them at close range without scoping for direct combat!

Secret Class:
- There is no secret class, and you can 'QQ' about it.